FEARING LOTHIAN
===============
Written May 05. Laboured over the words a bit, but the tune came very quickly.
Described as "west coast miserabilia", this was as you'd expect: general discomfort 
about living in Edinburgh, but I think I was actually starting to get quite settled by 
this time. Ideas flowed better here generally than usual.

Recordings: Matthew Young (Uhersky Brod), David O'Hara, Adam Naylor.

Key: D

--commented out. vastly improved words, i'm sure you'll agree. can't use Best anymore, anyway.

straightforward, 4/4 time. chords over verse three as that's the most readable. Plaintive.

D intro

--i've hit on this city
i get this low feeling on 
--from 
citylink buses, it's 
--all 
all seasonally affected
--and 
i gaze at the faces of the busy, the burst and the ones that the castle perfected
i'm not in the business of bowing to ravens or 
--swapping to folk that say "but"
keeping my newspaper shut
if i wanted to be an east coaster, i think i'd be living in connecticut
i've just passed my workplace for the first time in nearly a week
and it fills me with nothing to the point that i can't even speak

if i had enough money to bankroll the press, i'd publish the following fables
--"george best 
stockbridge is drinking 
--his 
its liver away, and 
--renton 
partick is waiting the tables"
"the proclaimers have been axed from easter road matchdays, they're no longer the darlings of leith"
"we don't have the 
--money 
patience for dentists no more, so 
--please don't endanger 
just stick some gold in your teeth"
what do you get when you cross a purse with a rose?
money that's pungent and 
--leaf stains 
petals all over your clothes

D				G			D			G
don't take much to gather the reason they call it the athens that sits in the north
D				G			D			G
seeing the greek gods, sipping their wine, bacchanalian flow to the forth
D				G			D			G
keeping us busy with offers well under as the slave to the parthenon flits
D				G			D			G
waiting all year for the wee crumbs of comfort that call themselves fringe benefits
Bm		D		A		G
i didn't come here to sing of the tartan they spin
--i'm not 
Bm		D
come on adam mcnaughton, 
--i'm closer to
A 		G
let's go find that matthew mcginn




