The Granton Serpent
===================
Written April 2017. I'd had the tune for a while, but it didn't work for any Heartbreak Diet material. This is a very contrived country lyric about a jakey who shares a lot of traits with a snake. Bit laboured over- some decent lines, but doesn't have the immediacy or inspiration of, say, Pidgin Scots. I do that awful thing of the "it's gonna be dirty... no it's not!" here  as well.

Key: Bb (capo 3 G shapes)

Bb                    Eb                       Bb
I'm feart there's snakes at large round these parts
                  Eb                Bb
That rattling sound will do for a start
                     Eb              Bb
It's accompanied by a short little hiss
                    Eb                  Bb
And a sticky trail that reminds me of Pimms. A spillage.

What d'ye mean, it's just that boy frae the park?
One man's rattle's another's clinking ae glass
You know you get a hiss when you open a tin
For Pete's sake, he's marking out his territory again

                     Gm          
And he'll take the low-hanging fruit
Eb                           Bb
So don your fake beard and invisible suit
          Gm
He'll try and make you pick from his tree
   Dm                        Ebm
The stuff you're meant tae avoid

He knows his apples when they're pressed down wi hops
Bow-leg'd constrictor, slithering intae the shop
His bloodstream's toxic, so don't let him bite
Reptile dysfunction daein' his worst when it's night

And he'll take the low-hanging fruit
Feels rough, sheds his skin, then he's back on the toot
And I fear for Adam and Eve
They've no got a chance wi this guy

F                Eb              Bb
The Granton Serpent writhes out again
F                Eb                   Bb
Telling us we're partners, we're aw his best friends
F                Eb              Bb
And what he knows well it's all for the best
      F
He's full of venom, wi ancient denim
 Dm                       Ebm
He'll rope you in and then squeeze

I don’t think this white man speaks with forked tongue
They say when he went, he went for a song
You'll hear him whine you'll hear him ferment
He's bought and sold at thirsteen serpent

And he'll take the low-hanging fruit
Did he jump, was he pushed, did he fall down the chute?
And our dissection revealed
He swallowed more than he could chew anyway

The Granton Serpent writhes out again
Telling us we're pardners, we're aw his best friends
And that he knows what's all for the best
He's full of venom, wi ancient denim
He'll rope you in and then squeeze

Suck out the poison...